from zero togo trader in 30 days. Let's
develop our entry logic using chop. If
price breaks above previous days high
and delta flips from negative to
positive, we open a long position.
Notice that our entry logic has two
conditions. The break over the previous
day's eye and delta flips. We don't ask
to judge a PT to code the full logic all
at once. But we work step by step.
First, we ask to develop a strategy
which opens a long position when we
break the previous desire focusing on
the first condition. And if everything
is working as expected, we move forward
adding the second component. We get the
full code. And now when the price is
above the previous desire and the delta
flips from negative to positive, the
strategy opens correctly along position.
So tomorrow we will work on dex logic.